# Data Compression Platform

Data compression for video data is very important as the space it consumes in storage as well as the bandwidth it takes to transfer it over the internet is costly. In recent times, data is increasing exponentially, especially video data, with the ever- increasing number of streaming contents being created and everyone equipped with a cheap and easy-to-use camera in their phone, the amount of video data currently being handled is in myriads. Everyone has faced the issue of having too many photos and videos on their phone and the need to buy extra storage to save their precious memories in high quality. This leads to people storing their video files in lower resolution to save on storage and internet expenses. Several technologies are currently available to compress videos and increase the resolution of lower-resolution videos. With the increase in deep learning technologies, especially in the computer vision domain, we are targeting to exploit some of these technologies for our task of video compression. We started with thorough research in the field of video compression and computer vision and finally, to bring something new into the picture, we propose a novel approach to compress the videos by storing them in a lower resolution and then using Super Resolution Generative Adversarial Networks (SR-GANs) to bring them back to their original resolution while losing minimal information. We compare our approach with the existing state-of-the-art methods using several evaluation metrics.
